## Making a QA Career

### An overview of IT careers
__Orsolya Lőrincz (IT Career Consultant @ Mimox Kft.)__
Orsolya works as an IT career consultant and recruiter at Mimox. The Mimox team has worked on different tester/QA positions (manual, automated, lead, head of… etc) in the recent past. She will share their real-life experiences: what skills companies are looking for, how one can make a career and what are the salaries in this field.

### From swimming teacher to mobile application tester
__Eva Lea Toth (Manual Tester @ PoweredNow)__
Lea trained hard, almost all her life to become a sportswoman, an athlete and graduated in health studies management from the University of Physical Education. As was self explanatory, she started her career as a swimming teacher, only to realize in a relatively short time that after years of preparation this wasn’t her path somehow. But her traits were precision, timed-performance and also quality and attention to detail. Sounds like a QA girl? Yep, her friends thoughts so, too. She will tell us what steps she took to reach this goal, her new job as a mobile application tester and the road ahead as she currently sees it.

### Going sideways – switching from a doomed career to a well desired one, by using existing personal competences
__Csudinka Csudutov (Founder of Mimox Kft)__
Csudi had a guy coming into her office for career advice. He hated his job, he felt unrespected, was on the verge of totally sinking into his unpaid bills and was jealous of the IT universe, where everyone seemed to be happy, motivated and well paid. He wanted to get into this world for quite some time but lacked the means, not having any technological skills that were required at all the advertised jobs. Csudi made him list his skills that he did have and started to think about the area that is most similar, or where precisely these personal competences were usually used. This was QA. After identifying the topic, they had to devise a road map of how to break in!

### Opportunities in QA
__András Csányi (Development Manager @ Dealogic)__
Andras was a soldier and border patrol at the very beginning of his carrier. Later he had a php developer job and accidentally he was a customer service guy and, again, accidentally he became QA. He says that it was the best accident in his life. It gave him almost everything to move forward and become a development manager. Andras believes that his story is rather ordinary, than special. He will share his thoughts about what QA world gave him, and about what is required to achieve more than others do.
