## Staying Ahead of the Curve

### Testing Big Data to Predict Your Perfect Fit
__Lina Zubyte (QA Engineer @ Secret Sauce Partners)__

Data and web services are bigger than ever and Big Data requires Big Testing. Big data product testing is definitely challenging: in such a massive amount of data, issues can be very complex, hard to find and some of them may even be hidden within unprocessed data.
A couple of years ago, I made a drastic career change: from a manual software tester in a big company, I became the first full time tester for a data driven merchandising tools startup. The first product I had to test was a web service which predicts shoppers’ perfect size on e-commerce websites. Surprisingly, this little web service turned out to be fueled by staggering amounts of BIG data. Being new to the world of data driven products, I felt overwhelmed at the start, but, nevertheless, I dived in and slowly but surely learned how to find my way around an area that was a black box to me.
In this session, I will share the story of my progression from a manual UI tester to a data-savvy tester capable of interpreting huge chunks of data. I will talk about the stress of facing such an imposing challenge and how professionally rewarding it was when I finally managed to get to know the beast that is Big Data by finding the right tool. Finally, I will also talk about how understanding the data gave me a better insight into the product itself and helped me to become a better and more pro-active tester.

### Number of Bugs in a Feature
__Árpád Tóth (CEO & Testing Ninja @ Evertest Kft.)__

Have you ever wondered how many bugs exist in your software? I mean really, what is the number of bugs which should be managed by your team? Most people think there is no way to estimate however, there is a secret method which is applicable to software testing.
It is an approach which has been used in many other practical fields. Ecology, economics, literary analysis and factories use this formula to estimate the number of mistakes/errors or waste counts. This approach can be applied perfectly in software testing.
In this presentation you will learn:
• How to estimate the total number of bugs
• How many bugs are not revealed by testing
• In which situations we can apply it
• What are the limitations
This presentation helps testing teams to decide the extent of testing about the practical aspect of exploratory testing.

### Slides & Notes
##### [Slides for Number of Bugs in a Feature](/docs/HowManyBugsDoIHave.pdf)
https://www.johndcook.com/blog/2010/07/13/lincoln-index/
its critics from sw testing point of view: http://www.developsense.com/blog/2010/07/another-silly-quantitative-model/
