## Impact in Testing & Career Panel Discussion - CRAFT 2018 Edition

It's time for yet another wonderful CRAFT conference!
CRAFT has invited so many great testing enthusiast speakers so this year palinQA is more than honored to have remarkable speakers for a panel discussion.

Join us for the lively panel discussion on stories of impact in testing and career!

This will be an open Q&A session, so come prepared with questions and curiosity!

### MEET OUR PANELISTS

__Maaret Pyhäjärvi__
Maaret is feedback fairy with a day job at F-Secure, where they call her a Lead Quality Engineer. She identifies as empirical technologist, tester and programmer, catalyst for improvement, author and speaker, and community facilitator and conference organizer. Her day job is working with a software product development team as a hands-on testing specialist with focus on exploratory testing. She was awarded as Most Influential Agile Testing Professional Person 2016.

__Anne-Marie Charrett__
Anne-Marie is a software tester, trainer and coach with a reputation of excellence and passion for quality and the craft of software testing. An electronic engineer by trade, software testing chose her when she started testing protocols against European standards. Anne-Marie's work is grounded in experience having recently worked as Head of Engineering at Tyro Payments, Sydney Australia. She has worked with the best in both waterfall and agile delivery methods with an emphasis on XP. She has worked with developers and testers on improving quality in engineering using practices such on TDD, Pairing, Continuous Delivery, Exploratory Testing and DevOps.
Anne-Marie advocates a whole team approach to quality. She sees software testing as a skilled activity that many might perform. She trains & coaches teams to help embrace this approach to quality with a contextual mindset.
Anne-Marie created and lectured the software testing module at University of Technology, Sydney.

__Ash Coleman__
Ash, a former chef, put recipes aside when she began her career in software development, falling back on her skills in engineering she acquired as a kid building computers with her brother. A progressive type, Ash has focused her efforts within technology on bringing awareness to inclusion of women and people of color, especially in the Context Driven Testing and Agile communities. An avid fan of matching business needs with technological solutions, you can find her doing her best work on whichever coast is the sunniest. Having helped teams build out testing practices, formulate Agile processes and redefine culture, she now works as an Engineering Manager in Quality for Credit Karma and continues consulting based out of San Francisco.

__Abby Bangser__
Abby is currently working at ThoughtWorks where over the last 6 years she has had the opportunity to work in a variety of domains, countries, and team dynamics. Throughout these experience it has become clear to her that while the technical requirements of each domain and tech stack can be challenging, team practices and team ownership have a much deeper impact on the end deliverable.

__Emma Keaveny__
Emma is an enthusiastic vibrant 'young' woman in testing. After taking a career break from manufacturing she has found her footing within the testing movement. For the last 3.5 years she has been working for Interica on archive and retrieval software. This can prove challenging at times having to learn and navigate around various operating systems and databases. It is an ideal place to learn and hone in on new testing skills and tools that she has picked up and is enjoying every minute of it. She is also co-organiser of BrighTest Actually, a Brighton based testing meetup and also co-organiser of the Software Testing Clinic Brighton. Wherever Emma can get involved in testing you will see her there, always looking to improve her skill set, learning new techniques and trying them out.
