## palinQA talks: Property-Based Testing in Scala & Unit Testing a Js App

Building a significant test coverage into code can help developers a lot to gain trust, confidence and reliability to the created product. The lower the level of created checks, the faster the feedback can be, and it may ease the work of QAs knowing that developers get feedback fast if something broke.
How can we write (or aid writing) good unit tests? Come to palinQA and learn more about unit testing a JS app or property-based testing Scala.

Morgan Stanley is kindly hosting us this time.
Snacks & soft drinks will also be served.

Presentations start at 7:00 p.m. sharp.

### Unit Testing Your Vue.js
__Balázs Erdős (Senior Front-end Engineer at Sclable)__

Unit Tests allows you to make big changes to code quickly. To test applications built with frameworks like React.js or Vue.js, you need to know a new set of tools and techniques designed to work with reactive design and the flexible collection of components that make up these apps.
Mastering testing not only improves the quality of your apps, but it also guarantees that you understand how your apps work top-to-bottom and end to end.
This talk is for those who either develop front-end applications using React.js, Vue.js but not familiar with testing yet or already familiar with a test-runner and would like to see something else.

About [Balázs](www.linkedin.com/in/balazserdos)  
Balázs started his carrier as a .NET developer 7 years ago, then 4 years later changed to front-end with JavaSript. Currently, he works as a Senior Front-end engineer at Sclable in Vienna.
They do rapid prototyping that usually have tons of change requests. To keep the speed and quality of the development on the same level, it's crucial for them to achieve a high code coverage.

### What Have the Properties Ever Done for Us?
__Miklós Martin (Software Developer at Emarsys)__

This talk will focus on property-based testing in Scala, using the ScalaCheck library. I will share a story of a major refactoring with you, which will attempt to briefly answer questions like 'How does it work?', 'How is it different?', 'Why it pays off?', 'What are some drawbacks?' or even 'What happens when there's a polymorphic effect type in play?'.
I do hope it will be as much fun as it was for me living through this and preparing for the talk.

About [Miklós](www.linkedin.com/in/miklos-martin-53561037)  
I am a beginner father, I have a daughter and two sons, ranging from 2 to 6 years old. I write software for a living since 2011. I wrote tons of crappy code, worked with PHP, JavaScript, things that compile to JavaScript then I fell in love with FP and Scala. I've been writing (mostly) Scala code at Emarsys for the last year and a half, and I had never been more happy with my job before.
